README.md, before:

# UFO_drought

There seems to be little consensus on what quantifies ecological drought, i.e. how much drier than normal does it need to be for a locality to be in drought? While we avoid these questions, we do calculate the two most common metrics of drought the Palmer Drought Severity Index (PDSI), and Standardized Precipitation Evapotranspiration Index (SPEI). Some discussion of the advantages of both, largely recapitulated from better sources is also done.

PDSI Values Explained

|      Value     |   Interpretation    |
| :------------: | :-----------------: |
|    > 4.0       |    extremely wet    |
|   3.0 - 3.99   |      very wet       |
|   2.0 - 2.99   |   moderately wet    |
|   1.0 - 1.99   |    slightly wet     |
|   0.5 - 0.99   | incipient wet spell |
|  0.49 - -0.49  |    near normal      |
|  -0.5 - -0.99  | incipient dry spell |
|  -1.0 - -1.99  |    mild drought     |
|  -2.0 - -2.99  |  moderate drought   |
|  -3.0 - -3.99  |   severe drought    |
|     < -4.0     |  extreme drought    |

*this table copied from a presentation by Brian Fuchs of the
National Drought Mitigation Center and University of Nebraska-Lincoln*

Commit message:

another table bless this fuchs man

README.md, after:

# UFO_drought

There seems to be little consensus on what quantifies ecological drought, i.e. how much drier than normal does it need to be for a locality to be in drought? While we avoid these questions, we do calculate the two most common metrics of drought the Palmer Drought Severity Index (PDSI), and Standardized Precipitation Evapotranspiration Index (SPEI). Some discussion of the advantages of both, largely recapitulated from better sources is also done.

PDSI Values Interpretation

|      Value     |   Interpretation    |
| :------------: | :-----------------: |
|    > 4.0       |    extremely wet    |
|   3.0 - 3.99   |      very wet       |
|   2.0 - 2.99   |   moderately wet    |
|   1.0 - 1.99   |    slightly wet     |
|   0.5 - 0.99   | incipient wet spell |
|  0.49 - -0.49  |    near normal      |
|  -0.5 - -0.99  | incipient dry spell |
|  -1.0 - -1.99  |    mild drought     |
|  -2.0 - -2.99  |  moderate drought   |
|  -3.0 - -3.99  |   severe drought    |
|     < -4.0     |  extreme drought    |

*this table copied from a presentation by Brian Fuchs of the
National Drought Mitigation Center and University of Nebraska-Lincoln*


|     Value       |    Interpretation       |
| :------------:  | :------------------:    |
|  -0.5 to -0.7   |    Abnormally Dry       |
|  -0.8 to -1.2   |   Moderate Drought      |
|  -1.3 to -1.5   |    Severe Drought       |
|  -1.6 to -1.9   |    Extreme Drought      |
|    < -2.0       |  Exceptional Drought    |

*this table copied from a presentation by Brian Fuchs of the
National Drought Mitigation Center and University of Nebraska-Lincoln*
